This is the SL wall mount clock project that includes electric circuit,
board and software. All these parts can be used and modified for free.

Author: Sergey Lyubeznyy. E-mail: slyubez@gmail.com

Used hardware:
1. AtMega 328P-PU microcontroller with external quartz oscillator 16MHz
and with Arduino Uno bootloader included. Its digital output pins are
connected to seven transistor keys what control LED display segments and
to four transistor keys what control display digit is showing at one moment.
2. Four control buttons that are connected between analog input pins of
microcontroller and ground. These analog pins are used as digital inputs
with low active level, and these pins are connected to +5V power line via
10 kiloohm resistors.
3. Any Arduino compatible RTC board.  When I began to develop this circuit, I
was used the DS1307-based Troyka RTC board manufactured by Amperka - a company
of Russia (the russian language description of this board is available
at manufacture's site on http://amperka.ru/product/troyka-rtc). But the clock
with this board had 10-second per day time deviation (as I knew later, this
problem is presented at many DS1307-based boards). Now I use a board based on
DS2321 high precision real-time clock chip without any changing of program code,
including RTC library. The Arduino library for Troyka RTC board used for this
project, is compatible with these both boards. It is available at
https://github.com/amperka/TroykaRTC .
4. Some transistor keys (see electric circuit inside this repository).
5. Four seven-segment LED one-digit displays Foryard FYS-40011BUG-11. You
can also use similar display, for example, Kingbright SA40-18SRWA, but this
display has some other electric parameters, so it may be required to re-
calculate and change segment resistor values.
6. The power of this circuit is 12V. The AtMega 328P-PU microcontroller
and RTC require 5V power, so the 7805 power regulator is used.

The software is based on Arduino language (similar to C++). To write
the program to microcontroller, you can use Arduino IDE and programming
board such as Verba (https://www.chipdip.ru/product/verba).